Okay. So, here we are in Android Studio.
And we have the project pane open.
Let's become familiar with the code base for the Quake-Report app. All right.
So, the first thing we're going to do is go to
the app directory and look in the Java folder.
This is where all the logic for the app is.
Then when I moved down here to the resources folder, expand it.
This is the folder that contains everything related to the appearance of the app.
These files control how the app appears on different devices.
Resources can include XML files,
images and other media files.
We can start by expanding out the layout folder.
Here we have the earthquake_activity.xml file.
This file defines the layout for the main screen in our app,
which is just a list view.
Then we have the mipmap folder,
which is a special folder just for the app icon.
Other images in your app should go in the drawable folders.
Then we have the values folder,
this contains the colors.xml file which defines the colors for our app.
And we also have some additional resource files for the styles and themes,
as well as tech strings.
All right, so let's go back to the Java folder.
We have one Java file called the EarthquakeActivity.
And it turns out that the EarthquakeActivity is the main screen for our app.
When the activity is created,
we set the content view to the earthquake_activity.xml layout.
Then we create a fake list of earthquakes,
because this is placeholder data until we get real data from the server.
We represent the list of earthquakes as an array list of strings,
which then contains the names of different cities.
Then we create an array adapter which knows how to create list item views,
one for each earthquake in the array list.
And then the list items will be added into
the list view that we defined in our earthquake_activity.xml layout.
Last but not least, we have the AndroidManifest file.
This file contains important information about
our app that the Android system needs to know.
For example, the package name,
the app name and the activities. All right.
Now going back to our quiz,
here are the answers to the questions.
Our main activity is defined in the EarthquakeActivity.java file.
And the layout for the activity is defined in the earthquake_activity.xml file.
And lastly, within our earthquake activity class,
we have an array list variable called earthquakes,
which holds the list of earthquake locations as strings.